remote.vault: enhance auth.custom to support namespace switching for authentication (#2945)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/remote/remote.vault.md

Using `auth.custom` is equivalent to calling `vault write PATH DATA` on the command line.

| Name         | Type            | Description                                            | Default | Required |
|--------------|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------| ------- |----------|
| `path`       | `string`        | Path to write to for creating an authentication token. |         | yes      |
| `data`       | `map(secret)`   | Authentication data.                                   |         | yes      |
| `namespace`  | `string`        | The namespace to authenticate to.                      |         | no       |

All values in the `data` attribute are considered secret, even if they contain nonsensitive information like usernames.

With Vault Enterprise, you can authenticate against a parent namespace while storing secrets in a child namespace. 

> By specifying the namespace argument in `auth.custom`, you can authenticate to a different namespace than the one used to retrieve the secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By specifying the namespace argument in `auth.custom`, you can authenticate to a namespace different from the one used to retrieve the secrets.
```

> By specifying the namespace argument in `auth.custom`, you can authenticate to a namespace different from the one used to retrieve the secrets.

Reviewer 2: Is there a technical reason this is only supported on `auth.custom`? I don't have enough knowledge of the vault integration to say for sure but it seems like this could apply to other authMethod implementations.

Author: Honestly, I'm not 100% sure. We use the auth.custom method, which allows to define a custom authentication URL, in combination with TLS / Certificate based authentication setup via environment variables. Our setup has the authentication as a parent namespace while the KV Store is a child namespace, which is not supported by Alloy currently. This has triggered me to create this change.

Unfortunately I don't have the ability to verify (test) any other authentication methods with the namespace switching as I am limited to what is available to me.

I would suggest to continue with this change and if needed enhance any additional authentication methods if there is a need for it and there's someone available to do the verification.

Reviewer 2: This makes sense, but for future maintenance can you put a comment to this effect in the code? Something that communicates "This is likely applicable to other forms of authentication on enterprise vault but only testable with authCustom when added in #2945"?

Author: I've added a comment in code as suggested.

> You can also define Vault environment variables, which will be automatically loaded by the clients used by Alloy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define Vault environment variables, which the clients used by Alloy will automatically load. 
```

> You can also define Vault environment variables, which the clients used by Alloy will automatically load. 
> This approach allows you to use certificate-based authentication i.e. by setting the `VAULT_CACERT` and `VAULT_CAPATH` environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define Vault environment variables, which the clients used by {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} will automatically load. 
This approach allows you to use certificate-based authentication by setting the `VAULT_CACERT` and `VAULT_CAPATH` environment variables.
```

Use the product variable for Alloy - just ensures consistency in how Alloy is spelled/used.
We shouldn't use `i.e` https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#ie  and in this context, I think we can simply drop the `i.e.` and the sentence still works and is clear.

> Please refer to the [Vault Environment variables](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/commands#configure-environment-variables)  documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Vault Environment variables](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/commands#configure-environment-variables)  documentation for more information.
```
